NAME                                                                          VERSION                                             TYPE      
@gar/promisify                                                                1.1.2                                               npm        
@isaacs/string-locale-compare                                                 1.1.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/arborist                                                              4.3.1                                               npm        
@npmcli/ci-detect                                                             2.0.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/config                                                                3.0.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      1.0.1                                               npm        
@npmcli/fs                                                                    1.1.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/git                                                                   2.1.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            1.0.7                                               npm        
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        2.0.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   2.0.0                                               npm        
@npmcli/move-file                                                             1.0.1                                               npm        
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      1.0.1                                               npm        
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              1.0.3                                               npm        
@npmcli/package-json                                                          1.0.1                                               npm        
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         1.3.2                                               npm        
@npmcli/run-script                                                            2.0.0                                               npm        
@sindresorhus/is                                                              4.2.0                                               npm        
@szmarczak/http-timer                                                         4.0.6                                               npm        
@tootallnate/once                                                             3.0.0                                               npm        
@types/abbrev                                                                 1.1.2                                               npm        
@types/agent-base                                                             4.2.2                                               npm        
@types/ansi-styles                                                            4.2.0                                               npm        
@types/are-we-there-yet                                                       1.1.0                                               npm        
@types/asap                                                                   2.0.0                                               npm        
@types/cacheable-request                                                      6.0.2                                               npm        
@types/cli-table                                                              0.3.0                                               npm        
@types/cli-table2                                                             0.2.3                                               npm        
@types/color-name                                                             1.1.1                                               npm        
@types/columnify                                                              1.5.1                                               npm        
@types/debug                                                                  4.1.7                                               npm        
@types/defaults                                                               1.0.3                                               npm        
@types/end-of-stream                                                          1.4.1                                               npm        
@types/events                                                                 3.0.0                                               npm        
@types/fancy-log                                                              1.3.1                                               npm        
@types/glob                                                                   7.2.0                                               npm        
@types/graceful-fs                                                            4.1.4                                               npm        
@types/http-cache-semantics                                                   4.0.1                                               npm        
@types/iferr                                                                  1.0.2                                               npm        
@types/imurmurhash                                                            0.1.1                                               npm        
@types/ip                                                                     1.1.0                                               npm        
@types/ip-regex                                                               4.1.1                                               npm        
@types/isexe                                                                  2.0.1                                               npm        
@types/json-parse-better-errors                                               1.0.0                                               npm        
@types/keyv                                                                   3.1.3                                               npm        
@types/lru-cache                                                              5.1.1                                               npm        
@types/minimatch                                                              3.0.5                                               npm        
@types/mkdirp                                                                 1.0.2                                               npm        
@types/ms                                                                     0.7.31                                              npm        
@types/mute-stream                                                            0.0.1                                               npm        
@types/negotiator                                                             0.6.1                                               npm        
@types/node                                                                   12.20.42                                            npm        
@types/normalize-package-data                                                 2.4.1                                               npm        
@types/npmlog                                                                 4.1.4                                               npm        
@types/osenv                                                                  0.1.0                                               npm        
@types/promise-inflight                                                       1.0.0                                               npm        
@types/resolve                                                                1.20.1                                              npm        
@types/responselike                                                           1.0.0                                               npm        
@types/retry                                                                  0.12.1                                              npm        
@types/rimraf                                                                 3.0.0                                               npm        
@types/semver                                                                 7.3.8                                               npm        
@types/signal-exit                                                            3.0.1                                               npm        
@types/slice-ansi                                                             5.0.0                                               npm        
@types/spdx-expression-parse                                                  3.0.1                                               npm        
@types/string-width                                                           4.0.1                                               npm        
@types/supports-color                                                         8.1.1                                               npm        
@types/tar                                                                    4.0.5                                               npm        
@types/which                                                                  1.3.2                                               npm        
@types/write-file-atomic                                                      3.0.2                                               npm        
@types/yallist                                                                4.0.1                                               npm        
CacheControl                                                                  0.12.10                                             python     
Pillow                                                                        9.0.1                                               python     
PyGObject                                                                     3.42.1                                              python     
PyJWT                                                                         2.3.0                                               python     
SecretStorage                                                                 3.3.1                                               python     
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                               npm        
adduser                                                                       3.118ubuntu5                                        deb        
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                               npm        
agentkeepalive                                                                4.2.0                                               npm        
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                               npm        
ansi-gray                                                                     0.1.1                                               npm        
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                               npm        
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                               npm        
ansi-wrap                                                                     0.1.0                                               npm        
ansicolors                                                                    0.3.2                                               npm        
ansistyles                                                                    0.1.3                                               npm        
apparmor                                                                      3.0.4-2ubuntu2.2                                    deb        
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                               npm        
apt                                                                           2.4.9                                               deb        
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                               npm        
are-we-there-yet                                                              3.0.0                                               npm        
asap                                                                          2.0.6                                               npm        
async-listen                                                                  1.2.0                                               npm        
balanced-match                                                                2.0.0                                               npm        
base-files                                                                    12ubuntu4.3                                         deb        
base-passwd                                                                   3.5.52build1                                        deb        
bash                                                                          5.1-6ubuntu1                                        deb        
bin-links                                                                     3.0.0                                               npm        
binfmt-support                                                                2.2.1-2                                             deb        
binutils                                                                      2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
binutils-common                                                               2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                     2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
blinker                                                                       1.4                                                 python     
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                               npm        
bsdutils                                                                      1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                   deb        
bufferstreams                                                                 3.0.0                                               npm        
build-essential                                                               12.9ubuntu3                                         deb        
builtins                                                                      4.0.0                                               npm        
bzip2                                                                         1.0.8-5build1                                       deb        
ca-certificates                                                               20230311ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
cacache                                                                       15.0.5                                              npm        
cacheable-lookup                                                              6.0.4                                               npm        
cacheable-request                                                             7.0.2                                               npm        
cachy                                                                         0.3.0                                               python     
cargo                                                                         0.67.1+ds0ubuntu0.libgit2-0ubuntu0.22.04.2          deb        
certifi                                                                       2020.6.20                                           python     
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                               npm        
chardet                                                                       4.0.0                                               python     
chownr                                                                        2.0.0                                               npm        
chromium-browser                                                              1:85.0.4183.83-0ubuntu2.22.04.1                     deb        
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                               npm        
clean-stack                                                                   3.0.1                                               npm        
cleo                                                                          0.8.1                                               python     
cli-columns                                                                   4.0.0                                               npm        
cli-table                                                                     0.3.11                                              npm        
cli-table2                                                                    0.2.0                                               npm        
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.0                                               npm        
clikit                                                                        0.6.2                                               python     
clone                                                                         2.1.2                                               npm        
clone-response                                                                1.0.2                                               npm        
cmd-shim                                                                      4.1.0                                               npm        
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                               npm        
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                               npm        
color-support                                                                 1.1.3                                               npm        
colors                                                                        1.4.0                                               npm        
columnify                                                                     1.5.4                                               npm        
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                               npm        
composer                                                                      2.2.6-2ubuntu4                                      deb        
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                               npm        
containerd.io                                                                 1.6.22-1                                            deb        
copy-concurrently                                                             1.0.5                                               npm        
core-util-is                                                                  1.0.3                                               npm        
coreutils                                                                     8.32-4.1ubuntu1                                     deb        
cpp                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                   deb        
cpp-11                                                                        11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
crashtest                                                                     0.3.1                                               python     
cryptography                                                                  3.4.8                                               python     
curl                                                                          7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                                  deb        
dash                                                                          0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1             deb        
dbus                                                                          1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                  deb        
dbus-python                                                                   1.2.18                                              python     
dbus-user-session                                                             1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                  deb        
debconf                                                                       1.5.79ubuntu1                                       deb        
debianutils                                                                   5.5-1ubuntu2                                        deb        
debug                                                                         4.3.2                                               npm        
debuglog                                                                      1.0.1                                               npm        
decompress-response                                                           6.0.0                                               npm        
defaults                                                                      1.0.3                                               npm        
defer-to-connect                                                              2.0.1                                               npm        
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                               npm        
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                               npm        
dezalgo                                                                       1.0.3                                               npm        
diffutils                                                                     1:3.8-0ubuntu2                                      deb        
dirmngr                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
distlib                                                                       0.3.4                                               python     
distro                                                                        1.7.0                                               python     
distro-info-data                                                              0.52ubuntu0.4                                       deb        
docker-buildx-plugin                                                          0.11.2-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                         deb        
docker-ce                                                                     5:24.0.5-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                       deb        
docker-ce-cli                                                                 5:24.0.5-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                       deb        
dpkg                                                                          1.21.1ubuntu2.2                                     deb        
dpkg-dev                                                                      1.21.1ubuntu2.2                                     deb        
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                   deb        
emoji-regex                                                                   9.2.2                                               npm        
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                              npm        
end-of-stream                                                                 1.4.4                                               npm        
env-paths                                                                     2.2.1                                               npm        
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                               npm        
escape-string-regexp                                                          4.0.0                                               npm        
events                                                                        3.3.0                                               npm        
fancy-log                                                                     1.3.3                                               npm        
fastest-levenshtein                                                           1.0.12                                              npm        
figgy-pudding                                                                 3.5.1                                               npm        
figgy-pudding                                                                 3.5.2                                               npm        
filelock                                                                      3.6.0                                               python     
findutils                                                                     4.8.0-1ubuntu3                                      deb        
fs-minipass                                                                   2.0.1                                               npm        
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                               npm        
fs-write-stream-atomic                                                        1.0.10                                              npm        
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                               npm        
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                               npm        
g++                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                   deb        
g++-11                                                                        11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
gauge                                                                         4.0.2                                               npm        
gcc                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                   deb        
gcc-11                                                                        11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
gcc-11-base                                                                   11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
gcc-12-base                                                                   12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
get-spdx-license-ids                                                          2.1.0                                               npm        
get-stream                                                                    6.0.1                                               npm        
gir1.2-glib-2.0                                                               1.72.0-1                                            deb        
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0                                                     1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                      deb        
git                                                                           1:2.34.1-1ubuntu1.9                                 deb        
git-man                                                                       1:2.34.1-1ubuntu1.9                                 deb        
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.2.1                                              go-module  
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.9.8                                              go-module  
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                              go-module  
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                  go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.17.6                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.18.16                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.13.16                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.24                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.30                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.24                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.31                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.24                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.12.5                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                                  v1.14.5                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.18.6                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.13.5                                             go-module  
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/blang/semver                                                       v3.5.1+incompatible                                 go-module  
github.com/canonical/go-efilib                                                v0.3.1-0.20220815143333-7e5151412e93                go-module  
github.com/canonical/go-sp800.108-kdf                                         v0.0.0-20210314145419-a3359f2d21b9                  go-module  
github.com/canonical/go-sp800.90a-drbg                                        v0.0.0-20210314144037-6eeb1040d6c3                  go-module  
github.com/canonical/go-tpm2                                                  v0.0.0-20210827151749-f80ff5afff61                  go-module  
github.com/canonical/tcglog-parser                                            v0.0.0-20210824131805-69fa1e9f0ad2                  go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                              go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                              go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                              go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.14.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/btrfs                                                   v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.0.4                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.22                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.7.2                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.1                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.6                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.4                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.1.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.2                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.2                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.1.0                                              go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.3                                              go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd                                                  v0.0.0-20180511133405-39ca1b05acc7                  go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                  go-module  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                              go-module  
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20230214150026-36d8c594d7aa                  go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      (devel)                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v24.0.2+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.6.0                                              go-module  
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              v24.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.2+incompatible                                 go-module  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v24.0.5-0.20230714235725-36e9e796c6fc+incompatible  go-module  
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                              go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     v24.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          v24.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c              go-module  
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                              go-module  
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                  go-module  
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                              go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                v2.9.5+incompatible                                 go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.10.1                                             go-module  
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.3                                              go-module  
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.9                                              go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.2                                              go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                              go-module  
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                              go-module  
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                             v0.19.5                                             go-module  
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                           v0.20.0                                             go-module  
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                    v0.19.14                                            go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus                                                        v0.0.0-20190726142602-4481cbc300e2                  go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                              go-module  
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                              go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.3.2                                              go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                              go-module  
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                              go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                              go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.3                                              go-module  
github.com/google/gnostic                                                     v0.5.7-v3refs                                       go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                              go-module  
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                  go-module  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.7.4-0.20190701202633-d83b6ffe499a                go-module  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                              go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.11.3                                             go-module  
github.com/gvalkov/golang-evdev                                               v0.0.0-20191114124502-287e62b94bcb                  go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                              go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                  go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                              go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.12                                             go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.15                                             go-module  
github.com/in-toto/in-toto-golang                                             v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/jessevdk/go-flags                                                  v1.5.1-0.20210607101731-3927b71304df                go-module  
github.com/josharian/intern                                                   v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                             go-module  
github.com/juju/ratelimit                                                     v1.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.11.13                                            go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.3                                             go-module  
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                    v0.7.6                                              go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                             go-module  
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                              go-module  
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                              go-module  
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs/v3                                                v3.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                  go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.12.1-0.20230717122532-faa0cc7da353               go-module  
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.6.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                  go-module  
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                              go-module  
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                              go-module  
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                  v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822                  go-module  
github.com/mvo5/goconfigparser                                                v0.0.0-20200803085309-72e476556adb                  go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b            go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc3                                          go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v0.0.0-20230719051532-82f18fe0e44a                  go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                              go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.7                                              go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417                go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.1                                             go-module  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                              go-module  
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                              go-module  
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.11.1                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.30.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.42.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.7.3                                              go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.9.0                                              go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                              go-module  
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646                go-module  
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib                             v0.4.0                                              go-module  
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                  go-module  
github.com/shibumi/go-pathspec                                                v1.3.0                                              go-module  
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                              go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                              go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                              go-module  
github.com/snapcore/bolt                                                      v1.3.2-0.20210908134111-63c8bfcf7af8                go-module  
github.com/snapcore/go-gettext                                                v0.0.0-20191107141714-82bbea49e785                  go-module  
github.com/snapcore/maze.io-x-crypto                                          v0.0.0-20190131090603-9b94c9afe066                  go-module  
github.com/snapcore/secboot                                                   v0.0.0-20220922155412-5d2b29ff0ee2                  go-module  
github.com/snapcore/snapd                                                     (devel)                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.7.0                                              go-module  
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                              go-module  
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                  go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.4                                              go-module  
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                  go-module  
github.com/tchap/go-patricia                                                  v2.2.6+incompatible                                 go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                              go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230629203738-36ef4d8c0dbb                  go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                  go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20230623042737-f9a4f7ef6531                  go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                             go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                              go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.1-0.20210330154013-f5de75959ad5                go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                  go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                  go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                  go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                  go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                              go-module  
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                             go-module  
glob                                                                          7.2.1                                               npm        
globalyzer                                                                    0.1.4                                               npm        
globrex                                                                       0.1.2                                               npm        
gnupg                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gnupg-l10n                                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gnupg-utils                                                                   2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.7                                              go-module  
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                  go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.28.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.40.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.40.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.40.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.37.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.3.0                                              go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.11.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.19.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220315160706-3147a52a75dd                  go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220829220503-c86fa9a7ed90                  go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.2.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.8.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20210819190943-2bc19b11175f                  go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.5.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c                  go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.2.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220829200755-d48e67d00261                  go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.6.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.7.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211                  go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.6.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.8.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac                  go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.3.0                                              go-module  
golang.org/x/xerrors                                                          v0.0.0-20220609144429-65e65417b02f                  go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200224152610-e50cd9704f63                  go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230306155012-7f2fa6fef1f4                  go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.50.1                                             go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.53.0                                             go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                             go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.1                                             go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.30.0                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                              go-module  
gopkg.in/macaroon.v1                                                          v1.0.0-20150121114231-ab3940c6c165                  go-module  
gopkg.in/mgo.v2                                                               v2.0.0-20180704144907-a7e2c1d573e1                  go-module  
gopkg.in/retry.v1                                                             v1.0.3                                              go-module  
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                              go-module  
gopkg.in/tomb.v2                                                              v2.0.0-20161208151619-d5d1b5820637                  go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                              go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.0-20210107192922-496545a6307b                  go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                              go-module  
got                                                                           11.8.3                                              npm        
gpg                                                                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpg-agent                                                                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpg-wks-client                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpg-wks-server                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpgconf                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpgsm                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
gpgv                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                   deb        
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.4                                               npm        
grep                                                                          3.7-1build1                                         deb        
gyp                                                                           0.1                                                 python     
gyp                                                                           0.1+20210831gitd6c5dd5-5                            deb        
gzip                                                                          1.10-4ubuntu4.1                                     deb        
has                                                                           1.0.3                                               npm        
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                               npm        
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                               npm        
hosted-git-info                                                               4.0.2                                               npm        
hostname                                                                      3.23ubuntu2                                         deb        
html5lib                                                                      1.1                                                 python     
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.0                                               npm        
http-proxy-agent                                                              5.0.0                                               npm        
http2-wrapper                                                                 2.1.9                                               npm        
httplib2                                                                      0.20.2                                              python     
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.0                                               npm        
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                               npm        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.6.3                                               npm        
idna                                                                          3.3                                                 python     
iferr                                                                         1.0.2                                               npm        
ignore-walk                                                                   4.0.1                                               npm        
importlib-metadata                                                            4.6.4                                               python     
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                               npm        
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                               npm        
infer-owner                                                                   1.0.4                                               npm        
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                               npm        
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                               npm        
ini                                                                           2.0.1                                               npm        
init-package-json                                                             2.0.5                                               npm        
init-system-helpers                                                           1.62                                                deb        
ip                                                                            1.1.5                                               npm        
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                               npm        
iptables                                                                      1.8.7-1ubuntu5.1                                    deb        
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                               npm        
is-core-module                                                                2.6.0                                               npm        
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       4.0.0                                               npm        
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                               npm        
is-typedarray                                                                 1.0.0                                               npm        
isarray                                                                       2.0.5                                               npm        
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                               npm        
iso-codes                                                                     4.9.0-1                                             deb        
jeepney                                                                       0.7.1                                               python     
jq                                                                            1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                      deb        
json-buffer                                                                   3.0.1                                               npm        
json-parse-better-errors                                                      1.0.2                                               npm        
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 2.3.1                                               npm        
json-stringify-nice                                                           1.1.4                                               npm        
jsonlint                                                                      1.8.3-2                                             deb        
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                               npm        
just-diff                                                                     5.0.1                                               npm        
just-diff-apply                                                               4.0.1                                               npm        
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.5                                             go-module  
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.2                                             go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.5                                             go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.2                                             go-module  
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.22.5                                             go-module  
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.2                                             go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.5                                             go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.2                                             go-module  
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.22.5                                             go-module  
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.25.0                                             go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                             go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.90.1                                             go-module  
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                           v0.0.0-20221012153701-172d655c2280                  go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                  go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20230220204549-a5ecb0141aa5                  go-module  
keyring                                                                       23.5.0                                              python     
keyv                                                                          4.0.4                                               npm        
launchpadlib                                                                  1.10.16                                             python     
lazr.restfulclient                                                            0.14.4                                              python     
lazr.uri                                                                      1.0.6                                               python     
libacl1                                                                       2.3.1-1                                             deb        
libapparmor1                                                                  3.0.4-2ubuntu2.2                                    deb        
libappstream4                                                                 0.15.2-2                                            deb        
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                 2.4.9                                               deb        
libargon2-1                                                                   0~20171227-0.3                                      deb        
libasan6                                                                      11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libassuan0                                                                    2.5.5-1build1                                       deb        
libatomic1                                                                    12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libattr1                                                                      1:2.5.1-1build1                                     deb        
libaudit-common                                                               1:3.0.7-1build1                                     deb        
libaudit1                                                                     1:3.0.7-1build1                                     deb        
libbinutils                                                                   2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
libblkid1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
libbrotli1                                                                    1.0.9-2build6                                       deb        
libbsd0                                                                       0.11.5-1                                            deb        
libbz2-1.0                                                                    1.0.8-5build1                                       deb        
libc-ares2                                                                    1.18.1-1ubuntu0.22.04.2                             deb        
libc-bin                                                                      2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                     deb        
libc-dev-bin                                                                  2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                     deb        
libc6                                                                         2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                     deb        
libc6-dev                                                                     2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                     deb        
libcap-ng0                                                                    0.7.9-2.2build3                                     deb        
libcap2                                                                       1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
libcap2-bin                                                                   1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
libcbor0.8                                                                    0.8.0-2ubuntu1                                      deb        
libcc1-0                                                                      12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libcom-err2                                                                   1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                   deb        
libcrypt-dev                                                                  1:4.4.27-1                                          deb        
libcrypt1                                                                     1:4.4.27-1                                          deb        
libcryptsetup12                                                               2:2.4.3-1ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
libctf-nobfd0                                                                 2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
libctf0                                                                       2.38-4ubuntu2.3                                     deb        
libcurl3-gnutls                                                               7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                                  deb        
libcurl4                                                                      7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                                  deb        
libdb5.3                                                                      5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                             deb        
libdbus-1-3                                                                   1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                  deb        
libdebconfclient0                                                             0.261ubuntu1                                        deb        
libdeflate0                                                                   1.10-2                                              deb        
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                            2:1.02.175-2.1ubuntu4                               deb        
libdpkg-perl                                                                  1.21.1ubuntu2.2                                     deb        
libdw1                                                                        0.186-1build1                                       deb        
libedit2                                                                      3.1-20210910-1build1                                deb        
libelf1                                                                       0.186-1build1                                       deb        
liberror-perl                                                                 0.17029-1                                           deb        
libexpat1                                                                     2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                                    deb        
libext2fs2                                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                   deb        
libffi8                                                                       3.4.2-4                                             deb        
libfido2-1                                                                    1.10.0-1                                            deb        
libfreetype6                                                                  2.11.1+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                              deb        
libfribidi0                                                                   1.0.8-2ubuntu3.1                                    deb        
libfuse3-3                                                                    3.10.5-1build1                                      deb        
libgcc-11-dev                                                                 11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libgcc-s1                                                                     12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libgcrypt20                                                                   1.9.4-3ubuntu3                                      deb        
libgdbm-compat4                                                               1.23-1                                              deb        
libgdbm6                                                                      1.23-1                                              deb        
libgirepository-1.0-1                                                         1.72.0-1                                            deb        
libglib2.0-0                                                                  2.72.4-0ubuntu2.2                                   deb        
libglib2.0-bin                                                                2.72.4-0ubuntu2.2                                   deb        
libglib2.0-data                                                               2.72.4-0ubuntu2.2                                   deb        
libgmp10                                                                      2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                               deb        
libgnutls30                                                                   3.7.3-4ubuntu1.2                                    deb        
libgomp1                                                                      12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libgpg-error0                                                                 1.43-3                                              deb        
libgraphite2-3                                                                1.3.14-1build2                                      deb        
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                              1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libgstreamer1.0-0                                                             1.20.3-0ubuntu1                                     deb        
libharfbuzz0b                                                                 2.7.4-1ubuntu3.1                                    deb        
libhogweed6                                                                   3.7.3-1build2                                       deb        
libicu70                                                                      70.1-2                                              deb        
libidn2-0                                                                     2.3.2-2build1                                       deb        
libimagequant0                                                                2.17.0-1                                            deb        
libip4tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5.1                                    deb        
libip6tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5.1                                    deb        
libisl23                                                                      0.24-2build1                                        deb        
libitm1                                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libjbig0                                                                      2.1-3.1ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb        
libjpeg-turbo8                                                                2.1.2-0ubuntu1                                      deb        
libjpeg8                                                                      8c-2ubuntu10                                        deb        
libjq1                                                                        1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                      deb        
libjs-events                                                                  3.3.0+~3.0.0-2                                      deb        
libjs-inherits                                                                2.0.4-4                                             deb        
libjs-is-typedarray                                                           1.0.0-4                                             deb        
libjs-typedarray-to-buffer                                                    4.0.0-2                                             deb        
libjson-c5                                                                    0.15-3~ubuntu1.22.04.1                              deb        
libk5crypto3                                                                  1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libkeyutils1                                                                  1.6.1-2ubuntu3                                      deb        
libkmod2                                                                      29-1ubuntu1                                         deb        
libkrb5-3                                                                     1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libkrb5support0                                                               1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libksba8                                                                      1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                                    deb        
liblcms2-2                                                                    2.12~rc1-2build2                                    deb        
libldap-2.5-0                                                                 2.5.15+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                        deb        
libllvm15                                                                     1:15.0.7-0ubuntu0.22.04.3                           deb        
liblsan0                                                                      12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
liblz4-1                                                                      1.9.3-2build2                                       deb        
liblzma5                                                                      5.2.5-2ubuntu1                                      deb        
liblzo2-2                                                                     2.10-2build3                                        deb        
libmagic-mgc                                                                  1:5.41-3                                            deb        
libmagic1                                                                     1:5.41-3                                            deb        
libmd0                                                                        1.0.4-1build1                                       deb        
libmnl0                                                                       1.0.4-3build2                                       deb        
libmount1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
libmpc3                                                                       1.2.1-2build1                                       deb        
libmpdec3                                                                     2.5.1-2build2                                       deb        
libmpfr6                                                                      4.1.0-3build3                                       deb        
libncurses6                                                                   6.3-2ubuntu0.1                                      deb        
libncursesw6                                                                  6.3-2ubuntu0.1                                      deb        
libnetfilter-conntrack3                                                       1.0.9-1                                             deb        
libnettle8                                                                    3.7.3-1build2                                       deb        
libnfnetlink0                                                                 1.0.1-3build3                                       deb        
libnftnl11                                                                    1.2.1-1build1                                       deb        
libnghttp2-14                                                                 1.43.0-1build3                                      deb        
libnode-dev                                                                   12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3                               deb        
libnode72                                                                     12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3                               deb        
libnpmaccess                                                                  5.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmdiff                                                                    3.0.0                                               npm        
libnpmexec                                                                    3.0.3                                               npm        
libnpmfund                                                                    2.0.2                                               npm        
libnpmhook                                                                    7.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmorg                                                                     3.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmpack                                                                    3.1.0                                               npm        
libnpmpublish                                                                 5.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmsearch                                                                  4.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmteam                                                                    3.0.1                                               npm        
libnpmversion                                                                 2.0.2                                               npm        
libnpth0                                                                      1.6-3build2                                         deb        
libnsl-dev                                                                    1.3.0-2build2                                       deb        
libnsl2                                                                       1.3.0-2build2                                       deb        
libonig5                                                                      6.9.7.1-2build1                                     deb        
libopenjp2-7                                                                  2.4.0-6                                             deb        
libp11-kit0                                                                   0.24.0-6build1                                      deb        
libpackagekit-glib2-18                                                        1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                      deb        
libpam-modules                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                   deb        
libpam-modules-bin                                                            1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                   deb        
libpam-runtime                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                   deb        
libpam-systemd                                                                249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
libpam0g                                                                      1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                   deb        
libpcre2-8-0                                                                  10.39-3ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
libpcre3                                                                      2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                            deb        
libperl5.34                                                                   5.34.0-3ubuntu1.2                                   deb        
libpipeline1                                                                  1.5.5-1                                             deb        
libpng16-16                                                                   1.6.37-3build5                                      deb        
libpolkit-agent-1-0                                                           0.105-33                                            deb        
libpolkit-gobject-1-0                                                         0.105-33                                            deb        
libpq-dev                                                                     14.8-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                               deb        
libpq5                                                                        14.8-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                               deb        
libprocps8                                                                    2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                   deb        
libpsl5                                                                       0.21.0-1.2build2                                    deb        
libpython3-stdlib                                                             3.10.6-1~22.04                                      deb        
libpython3.10-minimal                                                         3.10.12-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
libpython3.10-stdlib                                                          3.10.12-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
libquadmath0                                                                  12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libraqm0                                                                      0.7.0-4ubuntu1                                      deb        
libreadline8                                                                  8.1.2-1                                             deb        
librtmp1                                                                      2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4                   deb        
libsasl2-2                                                                    2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                             deb        
libsasl2-modules-db                                                           2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                             deb        
libseccomp2                                                                   2.5.3-2ubuntu2                                      deb        
libselinux1                                                                   3.3-1build2                                         deb        
libsemanage-common                                                            3.3-1build2                                         deb        
libsemanage2                                                                  3.3-1build2                                         deb        
libsepol2                                                                     3.3-1build1                                         deb        
libsmartcols1                                                                 2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
libsodium23                                                                   1.0.18-1build2                                      deb        
libsqlite3-0                                                                  3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                                   deb        
libsqlite3-dev                                                                3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                                   deb        
libss2                                                                        1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                   deb        
libssh-4                                                                      0.9.6-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb        
libssh2-1                                                                     1.10.0-3                                            deb        
libssl-dev                                                                    3.0.2-0ubuntu1.10                                   deb        
libssl3                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.10                                   deb        
libstd-rust-1.66                                                              1.66.1+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
libstd-rust-dev                                                               1.66.1+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
libstdc++-11-dev                                                              11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libstdc++6                                                                    12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libstemmer0d                                                                  2.2.0-1build1                                       deb        
libsystemd0                                                                   249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
libtasn1-6                                                                    4.18.0-4build1                                      deb        
libtiff5                                                                      4.3.0-6ubuntu0.4                                    deb        
libtinfo6                                                                     6.3-2ubuntu0.1                                      deb        
libtirpc-common                                                               1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
libtirpc-dev                                                                  1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
libtirpc3                                                                     1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
libtsan0                                                                      11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libubsan1                                                                     12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                               deb        
libudev1                                                                      249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
libunistring2                                                                 1.0-1                                               deb        
libunwind8                                                                    1.3.2-2build2                                       deb        
libuuid1                                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
libuv1                                                                        1.43.0-1                                            deb        
libuv1-dev                                                                    1.43.0-1                                            deb        
libwebp7                                                                      1.2.2-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb        
libwebpdemux2                                                                 1.2.2-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb        
libwebpmux3                                                                   1.2.2-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb        
libxau6                                                                       1:1.0.9-1build5                                     deb        
libxcb1                                                                       1.14-3ubuntu3                                       deb        
libxdmcp6                                                                     1:1.1.3-0ubuntu5                                    deb        
libxml2                                                                       2.9.13+dfsg-1ubuntu0.3                              deb        
libxmlb2                                                                      0.3.6-2build1                                       deb        
libxslt1.1                                                                    1.1.34-4ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
libxtables12                                                                  1.8.7-1ubuntu5.1                                    deb        
libxxhash0                                                                    0.8.1-1                                             deb        
libyaml-0-2                                                                   0.2.2-1build2                                       deb        
libzstd1                                                                      1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                                  deb        
linux-libc-dev                                                                5.15.0-78.85                                        deb        
lockfile                                                                      0.12.2                                              python     
login                                                                         1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
logsave                                                                       1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                   deb        
lowercase-keys                                                                2.0.0                                               npm        
lru-cache                                                                     6.0.0                                               npm        
lsb-base                                                                      11.1.0ubuntu4                                       deb        
lsb-release                                                                   11.1.0ubuntu4                                       deb        
lto-disabled-list                                                             24                                                  deb        
mailcap                                                                       3.70+nmu1ubuntu1                                    deb        
make                                                                          4.3-4.1build1                                       deb        
make-fetch-happen                                                             10.0.3                                              npm        
mawk                                                                          1.3.4.20200120-3                                    deb        
media-types                                                                   7.0.0                                               deb        
mime-support                                                                  3.66                                                deb        
mimic-response                                                                3.1.0                                               npm        
minimatch                                                                     3.1.1                                               npm        
minipass                                                                      3.1.3                                               npm        
minipass                                                                      3.1.6                                               npm        
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                               npm        
minipass-fetch                                                                1.4.1                                               npm        
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                               npm        
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                               npm        
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                               npm        
minipass-sized                                                                1.0.3                                               npm        
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                               npm        
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                               npm        
mkdirp-infer-owner                                                            2.0.0                                               npm        
more-itertools                                                                8.10.0                                              python     
mount                                                                         2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
move-concurrently                                                             1.0.1                                               npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                               npm        
msgpack                                                                       1.0.3                                               python     
mute-stream                                                                   0.0.8                                               npm        
ncurses-base                                                                  6.3-2ubuntu0.1                                      deb        
ncurses-bin                                                                   6.3-2ubuntu0.1                                      deb        
negotiator                                                                    0.6.2                                               npm        
netbase                                                                       6.3                                                 deb        
node-abbrev                                                                   1.1.1+~1.1.2-1                                      deb        
node-agent-base                                                               6.0.2+~cs5.4.2-1                                    deb        
node-ansi-regex                                                               5.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-ansi-styles                                                              4.3.0+~4.2.0-1                                      deb        
node-ansistyles                                                               0.1.3-5                                             deb        
node-aproba                                                                   2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-archy                                                                    1.0.0-4                                             deb        
node-are-we-there-yet                                                         3.0.0+~1.1.0-1                                      deb        
node-asap                                                                     2.0.6+~2.0.0-1                                      deb        
node-balanced-match                                                           2.0.0-1                                             deb        
node-brace-expansion                                                          2.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-builtins                                                                 4.0.0-1                                             deb        
node-cacache                                                                  15.0.5+~cs13.9.21-3                                 deb        
node-chalk                                                                    4.1.2-1                                             deb        
node-chownr                                                                   2.0.0-1                                             deb        
node-cli-table                                                                0.3.11+~cs0.13.3-1                                  deb        
node-clone                                                                    2.1.2-3                                             deb        
node-color-convert                                                            2.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-color-name                                                               1.1.4+~1.1.1-2                                      deb        
node-colors                                                                   1.4.0-3                                             deb        
node-columnify                                                                1.5.4+~1.5.1-1                                      deb        
node-console-control-strings                                                  1.1.0-2                                             deb        
node-copy-concurrently                                                        1.0.5-8                                             deb        
node-core-util-is                                                             1.0.3-1                                             deb        
node-debug                                                                    4.3.2+~cs4.1.7-1                                    deb        
node-decompress-response                                                      6.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-defaults                                                                 1.0.3+~1.0.3-1                                      deb        
node-delegates                                                                1.0.0-3                                             deb        
node-depd                                                                     2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-encoding                                                                 0.1.13-2                                            deb        
node-end-of-stream                                                            1.4.4+~1.4.1-1                                      deb        
node-err-code                                                                 2.0.3+dfsg-3                                        deb        
node-escape-string-regexp                                                     4.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-events                                                                   3.3.0+~3.0.0-2                                      deb        
node-fancy-log                                                                1.3.3+~cs1.3.1-2                                    deb        
node-fs-write-stream-atomic                                                   1.0.10-5                                            deb        
node-fs.realpath                                                              1.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-function-bind                                                            1.1.1+repacked+~1.0.3-1                             deb        
node-gauge                                                                    4.0.2-1                                             deb        
node-get-stream                                                               6.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-glob                                                                     7.2.1+~cs7.6.15-1                                   deb        
node-got                                                                      11.8.3+~cs58.7.37-1                                 deb        
node-graceful-fs                                                              4.2.4+repack-1                                      deb        
node-gyp                                                                      8.4.1                                               npm        
node-gyp                                                                      8.4.1-1                                             deb        
node-has-flag                                                                 4.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-has-unicode                                                              2.0.1-4                                             deb        
node-hosted-git-info                                                          4.0.2-1                                             deb        
node-https-proxy-agent                                                        5.0.0+~cs8.0.0-3                                    deb        
node-iconv-lite                                                               0.6.3-2                                             deb        
node-iferr                                                                    1.0.2+~1.0.2-1                                      deb        
node-imurmurhash                                                              0.1.4+dfsg+~0.1.1-1                                 deb        
node-indent-string                                                            4.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-inflight                                                                 1.0.6-2                                             deb        
node-inherits                                                                 2.0.4-4                                             deb        
node-ini                                                                      2.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-ip                                                                       1.1.5+~1.1.0-1                                      deb        
node-ip-regex                                                                 4.3.0+~4.1.1-1                                      deb        
node-is-typedarray                                                            1.0.0-4                                             deb        
node-isarray                                                                  2.0.5-3                                             deb        
node-isexe                                                                    2.0.0+~2.0.1-4                                      deb        
node-json-buffer                                                              3.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-json-parse-better-errors                                                 1.0.2+~cs3.3.1-1                                    deb        
node-jsonparse                                                                1.3.1-10                                            deb        
node-lowercase-keys                                                           2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-lru-cache                                                                6.0.0+~5.1.1-1                                      deb        
node-mimic-response                                                           3.1.0-7                                             deb        
node-minimatch                                                                3.1.1+~3.0.5-1                                      deb        
node-minipass                                                                 3.1.6+~cs8.7.18-1                                   deb        
node-mkdirp                                                                   1.0.4+~1.0.2-1                                      deb        
node-move-concurrently                                                        1.0.1-4                                             deb        
node-ms                                                                       2.1.3+~cs0.7.31-2                                   deb        
node-mute-stream                                                              0.0.8+~0.0.1-1                                      deb        
node-negotiator                                                               0.6.2+~0.6.1-1                                      deb        
node-nopt                                                                     5.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-normalize-package-data                                                   3.0.3+~2.4.1-1                                      deb        
node-npm-bundled                                                              1.1.2-1                                             deb        
node-npm-package-arg                                                          8.1.5-1                                             deb        
node-npmlog                                                                   6.0.1+~4.1.4-1                                      deb        
node-object-assign                                                            4.1.1-6                                             deb        
node-once                                                                     1.4.0-4                                             deb        
node-osenv                                                                    0.1.5+~0.1.0-1                                      deb        
node-p-cancelable                                                             2.1.1-1                                             deb        
node-p-map                                                                    4.0.0+~3.1.0+~3.0.1-1                               deb        
node-path-is-absolute                                                         2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-process-nextick-args                                                     2.0.1-2                                             deb        
node-promise-inflight                                                         1.0.1+~1.0.0-1                                      deb        
node-promise-retry                                                            2.0.1-2                                             deb        
node-promzard                                                                 0.3.0-2                                             deb        
node-pump                                                                     3.0.0-5                                             deb        
node-quick-lru                                                                5.1.1-1                                             deb        
node-read                                                                     1.0.7-3                                             deb        
node-read-package-json                                                        4.1.1-1                                             deb        
node-readable-stream                                                          3.6.0+~cs3.0.0-1                                    deb        
node-resolve                                                                  1.20.0+~cs5.27.9-1                                  deb        
node-retry                                                                    0.13.1+~0.12.1-1                                    deb        
node-rimraf                                                                   3.0.2-1                                             deb        
node-run-queue                                                                2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-safe-buffer                                                              5.2.1+~cs2.1.2-2                                    deb        
node-semver                                                                   7.3.5+~7.3.8-1                                      deb        
node-set-blocking                                                             2.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-signal-exit                                                              3.0.6+~3.0.1-1                                      deb        
node-slash                                                                    3.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-slice-ansi                                                               5.0.0+~cs9.0.0-4                                    deb        
node-spdx-correct                                                             3.1.1-2                                             deb        
node-spdx-exceptions                                                          2.3.0-2                                             deb        
node-spdx-expression-parse                                                    3.0.1+~3.0.1-1                                      deb        
node-spdx-license-ids                                                         3.0.11-1                                            deb        
node-ssri                                                                     8.0.1-2                                             deb        
node-string-decoder                                                           1.3.0-5                                             deb        
node-string-width                                                             4.2.3+~cs13.2.3-1                                   deb        
node-strip-ansi                                                               6.0.1-1                                             deb        
node-supports-color                                                           8.1.1+~8.1.1-1                                      deb        
node-tar                                                                      6.1.11+ds1+~cs6.0.6-1                               deb        
node-text-table                                                               0.2.0-4                                             deb        
node-time-stamp                                                               2.2.0-1                                             deb        
node-typedarray-to-buffer                                                     4.0.0-2                                             deb        
node-unique-filename                                                          1.1.1+ds-1                                          deb        
node-util-deprecate                                                           1.0.2-3                                             deb        
node-validate-npm-package-license                                             3.0.4-2                                             deb        
node-validate-npm-package-name                                                3.0.0-4                                             deb        
node-wcwidth.js                                                               1.0.2-1                                             deb        
node-whatwg-fetch                                                             3.6.2-5                                             deb        
node-which                                                                    2.0.2+~cs1.3.2-2                                    deb        
node-wide-align                                                               1.1.3-4                                             deb        
node-wrappy                                                                   1.0.2-2                                             deb        
node-write-file-atomic                                                        3.0.3+~3.0.2-1                                      deb        
node-yallist                                                                  4.0.0+~4.0.1-1                                      deb        
nodejs                                                                        12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3                               deb        
nopt                                                                          5.0.0                                               npm        
normalize-package-data                                                        3.0.3                                               npm        
normalize-url                                                                 7.0.2                                               npm        
npm                                                                           8.5.1                                               npm        
npm                                                                           8.5.1~ds-1                                          deb        
npm-audit-report                                                              2.1.5                                               npm        
npm-bundled                                                                   1.1.2                                               npm        
npm-install-checks                                                            4.0.0                                               npm        
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     1.0.1                                               npm        
npm-package-arg                                                               8.1.5                                               npm        
npm-packlist                                                                  3.0.0                                               npm        
npm-pick-manifest                                                             6.1.1                                               npm        
npm-profile                                                                   6.0.0                                               npm        
npm-registry-fetch                                                            12.0.2                                              npm        
npm-user-validate                                                             1.0.1                                               npm        
npmlog                                                                        6.0.1                                               npm        
oauthlib                                                                      3.2.0                                               python     
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                               npm        
object-keys                                                                   1.1.1                                               npm        
once                                                                          1.4.0                                               npm        
openssh-client                                                                1:8.9p1-3ubuntu0.3                                  deb        
openssl                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.10                                   deb        
osenv                                                                         0.1.5                                               npm        
p-cancelable                                                                  2.1.1                                               npm        
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                               npm        
packagekit                                                                    1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                      deb        
packaging                                                                     21.3                                                python     
pacote                                                                        12.0.3                                              npm        
parse-conflict-json                                                           2.0.1                                               npm        
parse-node-version                                                            1.0.1                                               npm        
passwd                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
pastel                                                                        0.2.1                                               python     
patch                                                                         2.7.6-7build2                                       deb        
path-is-absolute                                                              2.0.0                                               npm        
path-parse                                                                    1.0.7                                               npm        
perl                                                                          5.34.0-3ubuntu1.2                                   deb        
perl-base                                                                     5.34.0-3ubuntu1.2                                   deb        
perl-modules-5.34                                                             5.34.0-3ubuntu1.2                                   deb        
pexpect                                                                       4.8.0                                               python     
php-cli                                                                       2:8.1+92ubuntu1                                     deb        
php-common                                                                    2:92ubuntu1                                         deb        
php-composer-ca-bundle                                                        1.3.1-1                                             deb        
php-composer-metadata-minifier                                                1.0.0-2                                             deb        
php-composer-pcre                                                             1.0.1-1                                             deb        
php-composer-semver                                                           3.2.9-1                                             deb        
php-composer-spdx-licenses                                                    1.5.6-1                                             deb        
php-composer-xdebug-handler                                                   2.0.4-1build1                                       deb        
php-intl                                                                      2:8.1+92ubuntu1                                     deb        
php-json-schema                                                               5.2.11-1                                            deb        
php-mbstring                                                                  2:8.1+92ubuntu1                                     deb        
php-psr-container                                                             2.0.2-1                                             deb        
php-psr-log                                                                   3.0.0-1                                             deb        
php-react-promise                                                             2.7.0-2                                             deb        
php-symfony-console                                                           5.4.4+dfsg-1ubuntu8                                 deb        
php-symfony-deprecation-contracts                                             2.4.0-1ubuntu2                                      deb        
php-symfony-filesystem                                                        5.4.4+dfsg-1ubuntu8                                 deb        
php-symfony-finder                                                            5.4.4+dfsg-1ubuntu8                                 deb        
php-symfony-polyfill-php80                                                    1.24.0-1ubuntu2                                     deb        
php-symfony-process                                                           5.4.4+dfsg-1ubuntu8                                 deb        
php-symfony-service-contracts                                                 2.4.0-1ubuntu2                                      deb        
php-symfony-string                                                            5.4.4+dfsg-1ubuntu8                                 deb        
php-tokenizer                                                                 1.2.1-1                                             deb        
php-xml                                                                       2:8.1+92ubuntu1                                     deb        
php8.1-cli                                                                    8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-common                                                                 8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-intl                                                                   8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-mbstring                                                               8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-opcache                                                                8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-readline                                                               8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
php8.1-xml                                                                    8.1.2-1ubuntu2.13                                   deb        
pinentry-curses                                                               1.1.1-1build2                                       deb        
pip                                                                           22.0.2                                              python     
pkexec                                                                        0.105-33                                            deb        
pkginfo                                                                       1.8.2                                               python     
platformdirs                                                                  2.5.1                                               python     
poetry                                                                        1.1.12                                              python     
poetry-core                                                                   1.0.7                                               python     
policykit-1                                                                   0.105-33                                            deb        
polkitd                                                                       0.105-33                                            deb        
proc-log                                                                      1.0.0                                               npm        
process-nextick-args                                                          2.0.1                                               npm        
procps                                                                        2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                   deb        
promise-all-reject-late                                                       1.0.1                                               npm        
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.1                                               npm        
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                               npm        
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                               npm        
promzard                                                                      0.3.0                                               npm        
psmisc                                                                        23.4-2build3                                        deb        
ptyprocess                                                                    0.7.0                                               python     
pump                                                                          3.0.0                                               npm        
pylev                                                                         1.2.0                                               python     
pyparsing                                                                     2.4.7                                               python     
python                                                                        3.10.12                                             binary     
python-apt                                                                    2.4.0+ubuntu1                                       python     
python-apt-common                                                             2.4.0ubuntu1                                        deb        
python3                                                                       3.10.6-1~22.04                                      deb        
python3-apt                                                                   2.4.0ubuntu1                                        deb        
python3-blinker                                                               1.4+dfsg1-0.4                                       deb        
python3-cachecontrol                                                          0.12.10-1                                           deb        
python3-cachy                                                                 0.3.0-4                                             deb        
python3-certifi                                                               2020.6.20-1                                         deb        
python3-cffi-backend                                                          1.15.0-1build2                                      deb        
python3-chardet                                                               4.0.0-1                                             deb        
python3-cleo                                                                  0.8.1-4                                             deb        
python3-clikit                                                                0.6.2-3                                             deb        
python3-crashtest                                                             0.3.1-2                                             deb        
python3-cryptography                                                          3.4.8-1ubuntu2                                      deb        
python3-dbus                                                                  1.2.18-3build1                                      deb        
python3-distlib                                                               0.3.4-1                                             deb        
python3-distro                                                                1.7.0-1                                             deb        
python3-distutils                                                             3.10.8-1~22.04                                      deb        
python3-filelock                                                              3.6.0-1                                             deb        
python3-gi                                                                    3.42.1-0ubuntu1                                     deb        
python3-html5lib                                                              1.1-3                                               deb        
python3-httplib2                                                              0.20.2-2                                            deb        
python3-idna                                                                  3.3-1                                               deb        
python3-importlib-metadata                                                    4.6.4-1                                             deb        
python3-jeepney                                                               0.7.1-3                                             deb        
python3-jwt                                                                   2.3.0-1ubuntu0.2                                    deb        
python3-keyring                                                               23.5.0-1                                            deb        
python3-launchpadlib                                                          1.10.16-1                                           deb        
python3-lazr.restfulclient                                                    0.14.4-1                                            deb        
python3-lazr.uri                                                              1.0.6-2                                             deb        
python3-lib2to3                                                               3.10.8-1~22.04                                      deb        
python3-lockfile                                                              1:0.12.2-2.2                                        deb        
python3-minimal                                                               3.10.6-1~22.04                                      deb        
python3-more-itertools                                                        8.10.0-2                                            deb        
python3-msgpack                                                               1.0.3-1build1                                       deb        
python3-oauthlib                                                              3.2.0-1ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
python3-packaging                                                             21.3-1                                              deb        
python3-pastel                                                                0.2.1-2                                             deb        
python3-pexpect                                                               4.8.0-2ubuntu1                                      deb        
python3-pil                                                                   9.0.1-1ubuntu0.1                                    deb        
python3-pip                                                                   22.0.2+dfsg-1ubuntu0.3                              deb        
python3-pip-whl                                                               22.0.2+dfsg-1ubuntu0.3                              deb        
python3-pkg-resources                                                         59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.1                           deb        
python3-pkginfo                                                               1.8.2-1                                             deb        
python3-platformdirs                                                          2.5.1-1                                             deb        
python3-poetry                                                                1.1.12+dfsg-1ubuntu1                                deb        
python3-poetry-core                                                           1.0.7-2                                             deb        
python3-ptyprocess                                                            0.7.0-3                                             deb        
python3-pylev                                                                 1.2.0-2                                             deb        
python3-pyparsing                                                             2.4.7-1                                             deb        
python3-requests                                                              2.25.1+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1                              deb        
python3-requests-toolbelt                                                     0.9.1-1                                             deb        
python3-secretstorage                                                         3.3.1-1                                             deb        
python3-setuptools                                                            59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.1                           deb        
python3-setuptools-whl                                                        59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.1                           deb        
python3-shellingham                                                           1.4.0-1                                             deb        
python3-six                                                                   1.16.0-3ubuntu1                                     deb        
python3-software-properties                                                   0.99.22.7                                           deb        
python3-tomlkit                                                               0.9.2-1                                             deb        
python3-urllib3                                                               1.26.5-1~exp1                                       deb        
python3-virtualenv                                                            20.13.0+ds-2                                        deb        
python3-wadllib                                                               1.3.6-1                                             deb        
python3-webencodings                                                          0.5.1-4                                             deb        
python3-wheel                                                                 0.37.1-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
python3-wheel-whl                                                             0.37.1-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
python3-zipp                                                                  1.0.0-3                                             deb        
python3.10                                                                    3.10.12-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
python3.10-minimal                                                            3.10.12-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
qemu-user-static                                                              1:6.2+dfsg-2ubuntu6.12                              deb        
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                              npm        
quick-lru                                                                     5.1.1                                               npm        
read                                                                          1.0.7                                               npm        
read-cmd-shim                                                                 2.0.0                                               npm        
read-package-json                                                             4.1.1                                               npm        
read-package-json-fast                                                        2.0.3                                               npm        
readable-stream                                                               3.6.0                                               npm        
readdir-scoped-modules                                                        1.1.0                                               npm        
readline-common                                                               8.1.2-1                                             deb        
requests                                                                      2.25.1                                              python     
requests-toolbelt                                                             0.9.1                                               python     
resolve                                                                       1.20.0                                              npm        
resolve-alpn                                                                  1.2.1                                               npm        
responselike                                                                  2.0.0                                               npm        
retry                                                                         0.13.1                                              npm        
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                               npm        
rpcsvc-proto                                                                  1.4.2-0ubuntu6                                      deb        
run-queue                                                                     2.0.0                                               npm        
rustc                                                                         1.66.1+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
rustfmt                                                                       1.66.1+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                               npm        
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                               npm        
sed                                                                           4.8-1ubuntu2                                        deb        
semver                                                                        7.3.5                                               npm        
sensible-utils                                                                0.0.17                                              deb        
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                               npm        
setuptools                                                                    59.6.0                                              python     
shellingham                                                                   1.4.0                                               python     
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.6                                               npm        
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20220713155537-f223a00ba0e2                  go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                              go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.3                                              go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                              go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                              go-module  
six                                                                           1.16.0                                              python     
slash                                                                         3.0.0                                               npm        
slice-ansi                                                                    5.0.0                                               npm        
smart-buffer                                                                  4.2.0                                               npm        
snapd                                                                         2.58+22.04.1                                        deb        
socks                                                                         2.6.1                                               npm        
socks-proxy-agent                                                             6.1.1                                               npm        
software-properties-common                                                    0.99.22.7                                           deb        
spdx-correct                                                                  3.1.1                                               npm        
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                               npm        
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                               npm        
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.11                                              npm        
squashfs-tools                                                                1:4.5-3build1                                       deb        
ssri                                                                          8.0.1                                               npm        
string-width                                                                  4.2.3                                               npm        
string_decoder                                                                1.3.0                                               npm        
stringify-package                                                             1.0.1                                               npm        
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.1                                               npm        
supports-color                                                                8.1.1                                               npm        
systemd                                                                       249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
systemd-sysv                                                                  249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
sysvinit-utils                                                                3.01-1ubuntu1                                       deb        
tar                                                                           1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.1                        deb        
tar                                                                           6.1.11                                              npm        
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                               npm        
time-stamp                                                                    2.2.0                                               npm        
tiny-glob                                                                     0.2.9                                               npm        
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                               npm        
tomlkit                                                                       0.9.2                                               python     
treeverse                                                                     1.0.4                                               npm        
typedarray-to-buffer                                                          4.0.0                                               npm        
tzdata                                                                        2023c-0ubuntu0.22.04.2                              deb        
ubuntu-keyring                                                                2021.03.26                                          deb        
ucf                                                                           3.0043                                              deb        
udev                                                                          249.11-0ubuntu3.9                                   deb        
unique-filename                                                               1.1.1                                               npm        
unique-slug                                                                   2.0.2                                               npm        
urllib3                                                                       1.26.5                                              python     
usrmerge                                                                      25ubuntu2                                           deb        
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                               npm        
util-linux                                                                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                     deb        
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                               npm        
validate-npm-package-name                                                     3.0.0                                               npm        
virtualenv                                                                    20.13.0+ds                                          python     
wadllib                                                                       1.3.6                                               python     
walk-up-path                                                                  1.0.0                                               npm        
wcwidth.js                                                                    1.0.2                                               npm        
webencodings                                                                  0.5.1                                               python     
whatwg-fetch                                                                  3.6.2                                               npm        
wheel                                                                         0.37.1                                              python     
which                                                                         2.0.2                                               npm        
wide-align                                                                    1.1.3                                               npm        
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                               npm        
write-file-atomic                                                             3.0.3                                               npm        
xz-utils                                                                      5.2.5-2ubuntu1                                      deb        
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                               npm        
zipp                                                                          1.0.0                                               python     
zlib1g                                                                        1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                            deb        
